content/resources/_index.md, before:

---
title: "Resources & Live Dashboard"
date: 2025-09-04
draft: false
description: "Access TABMON's dashboard, code repositories, technical documentation, and data resources for Europe's acoustic biodiversity monitoring network"
ShowToc: true
---

## 📊 Live Monitoring Dashboard

Explore TABMON's **real-time monitoring dashboard** — your comprehensive portal to Europe's acoustic biodiversity network. Our interactive platform provides live insights into data acquisition, device performance, and biodiversity patterns across all monitoring sites.

- **100 sites** are monitored in near real-time
- **15 TB** of high-quality audio recordings processed
- **Near real-time processing** with <24-hour latency from field to dashboard

<div style="font-size: 1.4em; font-weight: 600; text-align: center; margin: 2rem 0; padding: 1.5rem; background: linear-gradient(135deg, rgba(127, 46, 74, 0.1), rgba(32, 0, 59, 0.1)); border-radius: 12px; border: 2px solid rgba(127, 46, 74, 0.2);">
<strong><a href="https://tabmon.nina.no" style="color: var(--primary-color); text-decoration: none;">📈 Click here to access the TABMON Dashboard</a></strong> — <em>Live data from across Europe</em>
</div>




---

## 💻 Technical Resources

### **🏠 Main Project Hub**
- **GitHub Repository:** [https://github.com/NINAnor/TABMON](https://github.com/NINAnor/TABMON)

The TABMON repository documents and making clearly available all the repositories connected to the TABMON project.

### **🤖 AI Classification Engine**
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/BenMcEwen1/TABMON-Classification-Pipeline](https://github.com/BenMcEwen1/TABMON-Classification-Pipeline)

The purpose of this repository is to provide an end-to-end framework from raw field data to inference of essential biodiversity variables (EBVs)


---

*🔗 Ready to explore our data or collaborate on research? [Contact our team](/team/) or dive into the [live dashboard](https://tabmon.nina.no).*

Commit message:

Add report generator to the resources

content/resources/_index.md, after:

---
title: "Resources & Live Dashboard"
date: 2025-09-04
draft: false
description: "Access TABMON's dashboard, code repositories, technical documentation, and data resources for Europe's acoustic biodiversity monitoring network"
ShowToc: true
---

## 📊 Live Monitoring Dashboard

Explore TABMON's **real-time monitoring dashboard** — your comprehensive portal to Europe's acoustic biodiversity network. Our interactive platform provides live insights into data acquisition, device performance, and biodiversity patterns across all monitoring sites.

- **100 sites** are monitored in near real-time
- **15 TB** of high-quality audio recordings processed
- **Near real-time processing** with <24-hour latency from field to dashboard

<div style="font-size: 1.4em; font-weight: 600; text-align: center; margin: 2rem 0; padding: 1.5rem; background: linear-gradient(135deg, rgba(127, 46, 74, 0.1), rgba(32, 0, 59, 0.1)); border-radius: 12px; border: 2px solid rgba(127, 46, 74, 0.2);">
<strong><a href="https://tabmon.nina.no" style="color: var(--primary-color); text-decoration: none;">📈 Click here to access the TABMON Dashboard</a></strong> — <em>Live data from across Europe</em>
</div>




---

## 💻 Technical Resources

### **🏠 Main Project Hub**
- **GitHub Repository:** [https://github.com/NINAnor/TABMON](https://github.com/NINAnor/TABMON)

The TABMON repository documents and making clearly available all the repositories connected to the TABMON project.

### **🤖 AI Classification Engine**
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/BenMcEwen1/TABMON-Classification-Pipeline](https://github.com/BenMcEwen1/TABMON-Classification-Pipeline)

The purpose of this repository is to provide an end-to-end framework from raw field data to inference of essential biodiversity variables (EBVs)

### **TABMON report generator**
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/NINAnor/tabmon_reporting/tree/main](https://github.com/NINAnor/tabmon_reporting/tree/main)

This repository is used to create the TABMON yearly reports based on the data we collected. Reports are generated per clusters and are available on [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/records/17899019)

---

*🔗 Ready to explore our data or collaborate on research? [Contact our team](/team/) or dive into the [live dashboard](https://tabmon.nina.no).*
